Now it kinda seems like we're starting to
approach a bit of a problem, which is any
updates we're making at this point,
we're fighting over not a lot of wins.
And so
we can increase the amount of stuff.
Look at that.
Now our ratio's bounced all the way up.
Goes to show, hard to trust anything.
We're going out of control.
It's going way up!
So who knows what's happening there,
but we'll just stop it anyways.
Maybe we didn't measure
the other ones long enough.
But either way, we're looking like we're
starting to get something happening.
At this point, we've made an improvement.
We can see that it's better, but
we're still not really seeing any
sort of change in our program.
So I think there's only a couple
kind of answers we have to do.
One, we can try increasing the amount
of connections and saying, okay,
let's bring down this thing and
really make sure we're under load.
Does it actually make
a difference at a higher level?
Can we go to 3,000 connections and
see what happens?
Or B, at this point, we can just say,
our only goal is to improve our program,
and damned be current metrics.
We just wanna see all of our
processing be as small as possible.
Cuz you could imagine that at some point,
you will be integrating with
other programs, being slower.
And so I kinda like the second approach.
For me, this is kinda the fun side.
And I've had to do some internal
projects at my job where we have to just
simply make it as fast as possible
because we're about to be integrating
into a very large library.
And so we find every single way possible
to make it use as little memory,
memory pull things out, do every single
trick in the book to make it quick.
Cuz if you do not do it that way,
your program's gonna be slow.
Now, this doesn't always happen,
of course, right?
Typically, when you're working on
anything, you just kinda throw things in.
But my previous project, I had to do
stuff with, we had a CSV that when it got
generated, it got so big I couldn't stand
up a node instance internal to Netflix
without it falling over with
two CSVs being generated.
And so having to just play the game of,
how can we make this thing as efficient as
possible, can be very beneficial,
especially as your scale starts going up.
And all of a sudden, it went from
generating one CSV to generating ten CSVs
and not falling over by just
being really aware of memory.
Now, unfortunately, we won't be doing
any of those fun memory techniques.
But for this one, let's start just looking
at what is left to kinda clean up to
really just tighten up our program and
make it the best as possible.
>> First,
I have to call out this awesome comment.
Writing in Rust is really a spiral.
I'm not sure if it's a spiral upward or
downward yet.
>> [LAUGH] That was really great.
I really hope everyone heard that comment
cuz that was [SOUND], it was a beautiful,
beautiful comment.
Which direction is that spiral?
We still don't know.
But
what matters is that
the spiral is happening.
So let's continue on
with our notions here.
So we're gonna kinda start covering
some next kinda fun topics.
And the big thing and the hard part about
this is that these topics I have yet, like
in this example on my local host, I've
really yet to show any real difference.
But six months ago and a year ago using
programs that are running on the server,
I've seen huge differences.
And so are we gonna see something locally?
Probably not.
Will you be able to reach for this in
your tool bag as a way to really make big
memory wins, and really,
in the end, performance wins?
Probably, especially on servers with less
and less cores than our modern one here.
So can we improve our program
based on what we now understand?
Well, we understand a lot of things,
right?
That all of our time is
spent in update and run.
And what about memory?
Where's all of our memory being ran at?
Do we even know where that is?
So here, we've never actually even
checked where our memory was.
Poor form, people.
Let's just make sure we know.
Man, I did this backwards.
It's driving me nuts.
Let's take this memory and, yep,
see, we can't do it backwards.
It's just not ready for it.
It's just not ready to
go backwards like that.
There we go.
All right, so we're gonna do this.
We're gonna look at
where all the memory is.
I think this should be our shape,
but just to make sure, cuz we've made
a couple changes to our program,
let's just make sure that we
have the same shape of memory.
I don't wanna make any guesstimates or
some false assumptions here, but
I bet you it's gonna
probably look like this.
And the next couple changes
are gonna probably be both great,
And very disappointing,
all at the same time.
I love those kinda changes, or
when you do them, afterwards,
you feel bad about yourself.
That's really where the big Ws happen,
because you know you've committed
potentially some programming sins, but
nonetheless, they're
great programming sins.
Yeah, someone's saying, hey, what do you
do if you're gonna be doing memory leaks?
And someone's suggesting Valgrind.
Another big technique,
especially when it comes to JavaScript is,
you don't have to use Valgrind
if you're just doing that.
You can use heap snapshots if you really
do have an actual memory leak and
you can watch your memory just run up.
Do heap snapshot, wait a minute, do heap
snapshot, wait a minute, do heap snapshot.
And then you can actually look
at the diffs between them or
the objects that stayed
alive between them.
And if you see one object type keep
growing, you have a pretty good idea of
where you had accidentally messed up,
and so you can follow that.
So we're not trying to solve
any of that stuff right now.
That is not our goal.
So looks like if we look at our stuff,
pretty much at this point in our program,
exclusively, we're creating
all of our memory.
So this is good to know,
this is good to see.
Let's try to prevent that from happening.
Let's reduce the amount
of memory we're creating.